The learning RT application
you are now using forms part
of an open platform business.
Over the original source code
produced to create the learning
IoT platform is available on
GitHub and has been attributed
to a highly permissive MIT
license for its use.
GitHub is a popular version
control system managing
source material.
The platform has no intention
of collecting personal data.
It is designed to engage
participants in a collective
learning experience.
With a bit of knowledge, this
experience can be replicated
and or adapted for further use
without the need to pay any
software royalties.
If at any stage you feel
inspired to do up a new
feature to this platform,
please contribute via GitHub.
You can contact one of the
learning IoT team to request
appropriate repository
permissions.
The URL to find the source
code is publicly available at
GitHub. Com forward slash
Aiden Hyphen Parkinson.